In this lesson, we looked at the marketing analytics
that apply at a much larger or macro level.
We looked at how to evaluate our market size, our market trends,
run a competitor analysis,
and we even looked at how we measure and compare our marketing channels.
We also saw the importance of measuring our net promoter score.
Now I know it feels like a lot but we've really only scratched the surface.
As you continue in your marketing endeavor,
you'll find new and exciting ways to measure and model data.
But you're now armed with an impressive set of
skills and the knowledge on how to apply them.
From here, you'll be familiar enough to approach
most marketing questions in analytics projects that will come your way,
and you're ready to start investigating the data on
your next project to find where you can take action.